The report of results is the
financial statement that informs
us of the net profit and other
magnitudes of profit such as
gross margin, EBITDA, gross
profit, etc., by means of the
difference between expenses and
income that have occurred
over a period.
In this class we will see how the
results statement is created and
we will know the basic structure
of this financial statement.
I want you to know that profit
is a flow variable, it is
a variable that tells us what
has happened over a period of time.
In this case, you see that we put a
barrel, it would be equivalent to
the water that has come out of the
barrel for a period of time, unlike
a variable stock, as we referred
to in the situation balance,
which would be the water that
is there at a certain time.
Well, let's see how the state of
results is created.
The first thing during this
period we have done is to record
the movements in the accounts
of results, income, expenses,
rent.
Remember that there are accounts
that are results and accounts that
are balance sheet to results.
Obviously we will pass the balances
of the corresponding
accounts and we will pass them
to the state of results that has
a similar structure to the
one we see here.
Part of the sales, we
are resting spending and will
inform us of different sizes.
We start.
We have some revenue and some
expenses for purchases, some
direct costs, some sales costs.
We have included them in the
results and informed us of the
gross margin.
Subsequently, we have deducted
the variable costs, we will
deduct the fixed costs, which
in this case are rent and salaries.
We deduct fixed expenses
and have EBITDA worth
$100,000.
We will restate the amortization of
the fixed assets, which
we will later see what it consists
of, and we have the EBIT.
EBIT is profit before
interest and before taxes.
If we subtract interest
from debt, we have gross
profit.
And on the gross profit, what we do
is calculate the corresponding corporate
tax, which depends on the tax
rate of each country, and we
have the result of the exercise,
which is equal to the net
profit.
Subsequently, we will see how the net
profit moves to the balance sheet
on the part that we do not
distribute among the partners.
There is one part that is distributed
as dividends and is taken by the
partners, and another part is reinvested
within the company and increases
the balance sheet in the part
of the net asset.